Break My Heart Lyrics
Have you ever felt like being somebody else? (Somebody)
Feeling like the mirror isn't good for your health?
(Pipe that shit up, TnT) Every day, I'm trying not to hate myself
Tryin' not to, tryin' not to, you know, hate, hate what I been through changed me, know what Im sayin? (Colorado run for mil)
(Trill got the juice, nigga)
Just a little bit, love me more
Just a little bit, love me more
Oh, no, love me more
Just a little bit, love me more
Have you ever felt like being somebody else?
Youngin', uh, uh, youngin' (And it break my heart)
Feeling like the mirror isn't good for your health?
(And it broke my heart, and it breaks my heart) Look, look
I got stabbed in my back and crossed so many times
I don't know who to trust, think everybody lyin' (Lyin)
I be finna give up, 'cause I'm so tired of tryin' (Tryin)
Crawl under a rock, and isolate my mind (Mind)
I don't want no broke friends 'cause I'm larger than a bitch (Larger)
Don't want no rap friends, 'cause they be flawer than a bitch
My old friends changing, seen it in HD (In HD)
If you a fake-flawed fuck nigga then what that make me, huh? (Make me)
'Cause I was cool with you, nigga
Broke in houses, skipped school with you, nigga
Stood on the block and broke the rules with you, nigga
The whole time you was foolin' me nigga (Foolin' me now)
Who would've knew the price we paid for platinum plaques
This fortune and this fame got strings attached (Strings attached)
People get to actin' weird when fame attached (Fame attached)
Come around and live they life with my name attached (Oh-woah-oh)

I said, Girl, where you going? (Where you going, love?)
You can't stay a little while longer? (Why you going, love?)
The real from the fake and the fake from the flawed (And the fake)
Gettin' harder to tell 'em apart (Apart)
And it breaks my heart, (My heart), and it breaks my heart (It really breaks my heart)
And it breaks my heart, and it breaks my heart (It really breaks my heart)
You really broke my heart, I, why you break my heart? (You break my heart)
Break my heart (You break my heart), yeah, it broke my heart, and it breaks my heart (Break my heart)
You might also like
Yeah, yeah
What's up fam', thats how you feel family? (Oh, woah)
Real from the fake, and the fake from the flawed, harder to tell them apart (Ayy, the world gon hear this)
And it breaks my heart, and it breaks my heart (Ayy, can you hear me? Is this shit going? Is this mic on?)
Nigga real is rare, just know
Every day, I'm trying not to hate myself
But lately, it's not hurtin' like it did before
Just a little bit, love me more
Just a little bit, love me more
Oh, no, love me more
Just a little bit, love me more1Embed