Did Shit To Me Lyrics
(DJ Bandz, oh, man)
Foenem in this bitch
Million dollars of jewlery on (Smurk), you know what I'm sayin? (Smurk, Smurk)
All fast cars outside, nigga (Smurk)
(Now it's not magic, but it looks magical)
All my brothers killers, nigga
Know how the fuck we rockin', man
Foenem, y'all know how the fuck we rockin'
Yeah, man, what?
I hate niggas be on they homie ass and they ain't even gon' slide
I had a prep talk with a baby threat and I told him keep his iron (Bop, bop)
I had court today, told my lawyer, "Fuck that case, I'm tired" (Tired)
They locked bro up for three guns even though lil' bro had said, "They mine" (Free Wop)
I need Boona home, only nigga I know that speak his mind
I told bro, "I need to get back," he say, "Get back come with time"
I ain't duckin' shit, I done seen th main opp keep cryin
Had to switch the whip, shown my Hellcat logo, I went liv (Get outta here)
I don't be trustin' shit, I don't even trust my bitch, I just trust my switch (Brrah)
I don't even trust my auntie, uncle, cousins, I don't be trustin' shit
Stand-up nigga, he ever get a bond, he ain't gon' never sit (Never)
This gang shit run deep in my blood, I ain't gon' never switch

Smurk, he from the 'Raq ('Raq), Doodie, he from Kankakee
Smurk, he love that switch, Doodie love that .223 (Grrah)
These niggas wanna diss (Diss), fuck that rap shit, keep it in the streets (Yeah)
Why they be all on my dick?
They still mad from me and Keef (Man, what?)

They ain't never do shit to me (Did shit, never ever)
They ain't never did shit to me (Man, what?)
They ain't never did shit to me (Man, never ever)
Why that nigga talkin' like he talk? They ain't did shit to me
You might also like
Why that nigga lyin' inside his verse? He ain't did shit to me
And my shorties caught him, he was loafin', that was for the free
Why you mad this bitch was hittin' me? This bitch for the streets
Nah, ain't nobody did shit to me

Kill 'em all, come outside, niggas don't want war with us (War with us)
I got niggas scared to serve us drink, and they don't be knowin' us (Knowin' us)
How you gang, scared to come around? That shit be blowin' us (Huh?)
Take his pipe, invite him to the block 'cause he keep showin' up (Bitch)
Backdoor, shoot his ass in his pocket (Get 'em)
Opps say, Durk is broke, shit, he went and copped the 'Rari (Vroom)
I thought you was a killer, why you shakin' off that body? (Body)
I thought you take them drugs, how you shakin' off that molly? (Bitch)
I'm a bald head rich nigga (Rich nigga), and I smoke exotic (Exotic)
I'm a dreadhead trench nigga, and I a wifed a barbie
Ask any bitch I ever fucked, I never told 'em, "Sorry"
Ask any nigga shot at me, I bet he said, "Sorry" (Bitch)

Smurk, he from the 'Raq, Doodie, he from Kankakee (Brrah)
Smurk, he love that switch, Doodie love that .223 (Grrah)
These niggas wanna diss, fuck that rap shit, keep it in the streets (Man, what?)
Why they be all on my dick?
They still mad from me and Keef (Man, what?)
They ain't never do shit to me (Did shit, never ever)
They ain't never did shit to me (Man, what?)
They ain't never did shit to me (Never ever)
Why that nigga talkin' like he talk? They ain't did shit to me (Yeah)3Embed