Evil Twins Lyrics
(TouchofTrent be wildin' with it)

You want back then? (Let's get it)
Ayy, Von, tell bro go spin that Benz
All them niggas was scared to shoot our vids, we had guns in they lens (Yeah)
He think he turnt, but we the reason why he keep guns in his pants (Yeah, yeah)
You can't talk 'bout Von around me wherever I go 'cause that's my twin, nigga (Yeah, yeah, Von)

See, shit got real (Shit got real)
And I got locked up in that jam, but I ain't tell (Nah, I ain't tell)
And my homie think I killed his cousin (What?), well, oh, well (Well, nigga, oh, well)
Zoo just beat his body like I beat mine (What?), ain't no L's (Huh?)
Signed a deal for a couple mil', lil' nigga, I still drill (Boom, boom)
We on the same shit (Yeah)
Fucked the same bitch (Let's get it)
On the same block (Yeah)
Held the same switches (Yeah)
Gang, I know I ain't trippin' (Uh-uh)
They think they caught us slippin' (Uh-huh)
Hang out that window
Dun, dun, dun, dun soon as the lane switch (Let's get it)

You know my aim different (Uh-huh)
Three bodies, same pistol (Boom, boom)
Don't play, we change niggas (Yeah, yeah)
This me, I'm the same nigga (Huh? What?)
Don't let this fame trick you (Boom, huh?)
Don't let this flame hit you (Boom, boom)
Don't let that name get you in the hospital off some pain killers (Huh? What? Man, what?)

But you mean embalming fluid ('Balming)
If you into it, I'm into it (If you into it, I'm into it)
If you do it, I'ma do it (If you do it, I'ma do it)
Go hop out the car and do it (Go hop out the car and do it)
Damn, that's evil, twin (That's evil)
That mean we evil then (We evil, uh-huh)
Evil twin, evil twin (Uh-huh)
Got 'em back equal then, let's get it (Boom, boom)
You might also like
You ain't got no bodies (Nah)
Lil' nigga, you a bitch, you a ho, you ain't shoot nobody
Tryna count my bodies? (What?)
You gon' need three, four hands tryna count my bodies
Do hits out a Audi (Huh?)
Sneak up on him (Boom), two shots to his head (Boom, boom), then we outie

The killers and robbers vouching (Gang, huh? What?)
The killers and robbers vouching (Gang, huh? What?)
The killers and robbers vouching (Huh? What?)
The killers and robbers vouching (Man, what?)
The killers and robbers vouching
The killers and robbers vouching14Embed