Frozen Lyrics
Can someone come unthaw my heart? I think it's frozen

How you bring a knife to a gunfight?
They gon' always do it twice when it's done right
I remember ridin' 'round 'til the sunlight come up
I ain't tryna argue so I hung up
D-boy fresh with it on me, know how I pop out
If bullshit is not important, what I'm gon' lie 'bout?
Don't play with Baby, I give you somethin' to cry 'bout
That's a dime, that's for you and four of your friends to fly out
Every time we outside, that shit be goin' up
I got women tryna get at me like you been growin' up
Really, I know you see what's happenin', I'm steady blowin' up
I know niggas want me to fall but I'm steady goin' uphill
Started from the bottom, how the fuck I'm up here?
If you rally came from nothin', then you know how that feel
Ain't no extras, only stppers, that's the way that I live
Put some extras on it, blessed it, nigga, that's what I did
Heart cold frozen, got my mindset on where on however this shit go
Still kinda nervous hopin' nobody would notice it
At the point, I met you, slowed me down
You fuckin' up my focus, bro, I'm really on some more shit
Ain't been on the scene that much, I'm somewhere gettin' loaded
Ain't talkin' 'bout weed that I smoked or lean that I po'd
I'm talkin' 'bout this money I'm savin' up, I been in the tuck
Fuckin' with me, winin' the lottery, ayy, who feelin' lucky?
Know some real ones ready to slide with me if I press the button
People who done really been down from me, they don't ask for nothin'
Keepin' it one million, I'm too real to say that I'm one hundred
You are not the one 'cause you got money, real shit
I don't know what they told you, but you got me fucked up
You see how we walked in? You can't see we run stuff?
I gotta think out the box, I hate bein' bunched up
Glad that I been through a lot, it made me a monster
I done seen this shit get grimy, I can't have no conscience
See 'em tryna clone me and all, but it's only one me
If I came in this world alone, why I get lonely?
Can someone come unthaw my heart? I think it's frozen

I don't feel a lot of this shit, I can't even hold you
Catch me in the Hamptons with Mike Rubin or HOV them
Or catch me in the hood with a Lamborghini with the doors up
I can't even lie, it broke my heart, I heard you told some
Gotta keep my fire under my jacket, it's a cold world
She with me when he go out to practice, this a cold girl
She a goblin, she don't even stop it, make your toes curl
Bae, I'm sorry for puttin' our business out there
You too cool for losing, you could be winnin' out here
You keep it wet, I'm gon' invest, support yo' swimmin' line
Don't worry 'bout that, just do yo' best, I promise you'll be fine
You let that shit come out yo' mouth, now you can't press rewind, it's stuck there
Five million cash, all blues, you get a rush, yeah
I don't need a nigga or a bitch, who the fuck cares?
You the one that's really sour, I ain't even gon' go there
You was 'posed to be here, but oh well
You might also like
I don't know what they told you, but you got me fucked up
You see how we walked in? You can't see we run stuff?
I gotta think out the box, I hate bein' bunched up
Glad that I been through a lot, it made me a monster
I done seen this shit get grimy, I can't have no conscience
See 'em tryna clone me and all, but it's only one me
If I came in this world alone, why I get lonely?
Can someone come unthaw my heart? I think it's frozen2Embed