TranslationsEspanolHeadtaps Lyrics
Headtap, headtap, headtap
7220 (Headtap, headtap, headtap)
I done started from the bottom (Headtap, headtap, headtap)
That's where I went through
Like, my first life experience, know what I'm sayin'?
(TouchofTrent be wildin' with it)

Sister went on a date for the first time and I'm still pissed off
Used to talk to you before you had died, made me a lil' soft
I still cry to my mama like a lil' baby, but I'm a big dog
Hundred fifty mill' when I'm fifty-five and that shit big, y'all
I grew my dreads back, my head back
Twnty M's, I had that
Run up on 'em, head tap, head lap
Fds tap
Alexander McQueen scarf for the head wrap
Head traps
Uploading your gun, that shit on fed apps
Used to serve my uncle in my grandma basement, that was her head child
Fought myself for all the shit I told him 'cause he dead now
I was in a bad train of thought when I had my last child
Tried to give him a chance, but he backdoored on me, man, he grass now
You ever been evicted? (Head tap)
You ever been addicted? Oh, oh
Your homie be your witness
Told my mama that I'm gifted, oh, oh
I feel better rich
I'm in the cell thinkin' 'bout my kid like, "I could be with them watchin' Peppa Pig"
Bein' bold that he told some shit I never did
For the fact he snaked you for some money make him the bigger bitch
I done started from the bottom, now I'm rich
Take these drugs for all of my problems, now I'm sick
Feel like I go through karma, shit I did
I remember ridin' Hondas, I'm the shit
And I watch out for my dog 'cause my conscience sick
Watch out for my dog, cautious
And he hurt my conscience, he unresponsive
He hurt my conscience, he unresponsive
I got a couple watches cost more than some niggas' houses
I stayed at houses where my first pets was bug and mouses
I stayed at houses where it was full, we turned our beds to couches
I stayed at house with a silver spoon, that shit had turned 'em coward
I miss the old days, I miss my old ways
I miss the time where you put an X pill in the OJ
Remember the time my cousin died and I'm like, "No way"
Old head told me three hundred a show, I'm like "What O say?"
What O say?
Lost my cousin, that's not okay
Lost my brother, that's not okay
Miss my dog and that's not okay
I done started from the bottom
This what lil' shawty just came up with today, look
I go by the mood
Know what I'm sayin'? My mood gotta be there
Like, if my brothers in the studio and they ain't noddin' they head, I erase it, know what I'm sayin'?
'Cause I'm talkin' 'bout them, so they gotta feel it, know what I'm sayin'?
If I'm talkin' 'bout you and you feel it, I know the world gon' feel it, know what I'm sayin'?
That shit make me different, know what I'm sayin'?
The VoiceYou might also like2Embed