TranslationsPortuguesLOOSE CHANGE Lyrics
Oh
Oh (What's goin' on?)
(Here we go again)

What's left of us?
What's left of our lives?
It's only you, it's only me
It's only us at the end of the night
I remember when you couldn't tell me a thing
Now you talk so much, it drives me insane (here we go again)
But you got you some great
Hmm, so what can I say to you?
But I'm off that, had to fall back
You got everybody thinkin' I'm all bad (Ah)
You know the truth (You lying on me?)
I was always holdin' you down (You know how we was rocking)
You down, maybe not (Here we go again)
And what we see ain't what it seems or feels, girl
What is love? (What's that?)
Love, what is love?

Would you believe it if I told you all about it?
About how pressure just keep addin' up (Addin' up, up)
Then we just get mad and fuck
We was livin' fast as fuck (Fast as fuck)
Drugs don't get me high enough
All these people always lyin' bout something
I'm sorry I'm so fly, so what?
(Fuck I'ma be sorry for?)
I was countin' zeros, I'm a hometown hero
Niggas (Mmm), green like CeeLo
These niggas do anything for some C-Notes (Mmm-hmm-mmm)
At what cost? Hit Mercedes 'bout some free cars (Hmm-mmm)
I know it's niggas worse off
Maybe my sense of reality is turned off, who the fuck knows?
I just make songs, who am I to challenge how this shit goes?
It's sarcasm by the way (Ah, shit)
You might also like
You wanna be my equal, you won't even do the half (No)
This shit don't add up, no, you don't even know the math (Yeah, yeah)
It ain't even the half, who said it's gon' even last? (I didn't)
Sometimes I wanna beat your ass
Wait, but you know I won't do that
(I'm sorry I say that, you know I ain't mean it)
Yeah, yeah, I swear the fame ain't changed shit, but who am I?
You see the Patek and you think a nigga blowin' time
Is you blind?

And what we see, ain't what it seems or feels, girl
What is love? (What's that?)
What is love? (Girl)
And what we see, ain't what it seems or feels, girl
What is love?
Love

Ah, shit
Here we go again1Embed