TranslationsPolskiThe Family Madrigal Lyrics
Drawers!
Floors!
Doors!
Let's go!

This is our home, we've got every generation
So full of music, the rhythm of its own design
This is my family, a perfect constellation
So many stars and everybody gets to shine
Woah (Oh-oh-oh-oh), let's be clear, Abuela runs this show
Woah (Oh-oh-oh-oh), she led us here so many years ago
Woah (Oh-oh-oh-oh), and every year our family blessings grow!
There's just a lot, you simply got to know, so
Welcome to the Family Madrigal
The home of the Family Madrigal (We're on our way!)
Wher all the people ar fantastical and magical
I'm part of the Family Madrigal

 "Oh my gosh, it's them!"
 "What are the gifts?"
 "I can't remember all the gifts"
 "But I don't know who is who"
 "Mm-mm-, alright, alright, relax!"
 "It is physically impossible to relax!"
 "Tell us everything! What are your powers?"
 "Just tell us what everyone can do!"
 "And that's why coffee's for grown-ups"

My tia Pepa, her mood affects the weather
When she's unhappy, well, the temperature gets weird
My tio Bruno (We don't talk about Bruno!)
They say he saw the future, one day he disappeared
Oh (Oh-oh-oh-oh), and that's my mom Julieta, here's her deal
Woah! (Oh-oh-oh-oh), the truth is, she can heal you with a meal
Woah! (Oh-oh-oh-oh), her recipes are remedies for real
If you're impressed, imagine how I feelMom!
You might also like
Welcome to the Family Madrigal
The home of the Family Madrigal (Hey, coming through!)
I know it sounds a bit fantastical and magical
But I'm part of the Family Madrigal
Two guys fell in love with Family Madrigal (Hey, Family Madrigal!)
And now they're part of the Family Madrigal
So, yeah, Tio Felix married Pepa and my dad married Julieta
That's how Abuela became an Abuela Madrigal (Let's go, let's go!)

We swear to always help those around us
And earn the miracle that somehow found us
The town keeps growing, the world keeps turning
But work and dedication will keep the miracle burning
And each new generation must keep the miracle burning

 "Wait who's a sister and who's a cousin?"
 "There's so many people!"
 "How do you keep them all straight?"
 Okay, okay, okay, okay

So many kids in our house, so let's turn the sound up!
You know why? I think it's time for a grandkid round-up!
(Grandkid round-up!)
Cousin Dolores can hear a pin drop
Camilo shapeshifts, Antonio gets his gift today
My older sisters, Isabela and Luisa
One strong, one graceful, perfect in every way
(Isabela!) Grows a flower, the town goes wild
(Isabela!) She's the perfect golden child
(Luisa! Luisa! Luisa! Luisa!) And Luisa's super strong
The beauty and the brawn do no wrong

That's life in the Family Madrigal (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
Now you know the Family Madrigal (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
Where all the people are fantastical and magical (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
That's who we are in the Family Madrigal

 Adios! "Ooo!"
 "But what's your gift?"
 Ha!

Well, I gotta go, the life of a Madrigal (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
But now you all know the Family Madrigal (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
I never meant this to get autobiographical (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
So just to review the Family Madrigal, let's go

(But what about Mirabel?)
It starts with Abuela, and then Tia Pepa, she handles the weather
(But what about Mirabel?)
My mom Julieta can make you feel better with just one arepa
(But what about Mirabel?)
My dad Agustin, well, he's accident-prone but he means well
(But what about Mirabel?)
Hey, you said you wanna know what everyone does, I got sisters and cousins and (Mirabel!)
My primo Camilo won't stop until he makes you smile today (Mirabel!)
My cousin Dolores can hear this whole chorus a mile away (Mirabel!)
Look! It's Mister Mariano, hey
You can marry my sister if you wanna
But between you and me, she's kind of a prima donna
Yo, I've said too much, and thank you but I really gotta go! (Mirabel!)
My family's amazing! (Mirabel!)
And I'm in my family, so (Mirabel!)
Well

"Mirabel!"13Embed